All right, fantastic. Can everyone hear me? Thumbs up? All good? All right. Everyone, I hope that you have had a fantastic day at Code with Claude London so far today. My name is Will. I'm on our engineering team at Anthropic. I sit on a team called Applied AI. What that means is I essentially split my time between internal engineering work and time spent building agents with customers. So folks, imagine that you built and shipped an agent to solve a problem. I'm sure that's something that a lot of the folks in this room have actually done. And imagine this, that this agent worked fantastic, right? But it works so well that a few weeks after shipping, you were asked to add some additional capability to the agent. A few weeks after that, you received more business requirements and you added additional capability. This pattern continued and continued, until before you know it, your system prompt had grown to become several hundred lines long. You have dozens of tools and sub agents that exist for your agent, and because of the complexity, you've started to see regressions in the areas that your agent was previously accelerating in. So, if this is you, you're not alone. We see this type of scenario happen pretty commonly with customers, and actually with ourselves included in that. So within this workshop, we are going to simulate an agent that has essentially grown to a complexity where we start to see degradation in its performance. We're then going to walk through some of the decisions that we as engineers and architects make, um in order to improve the design of our agent to restore the performance that we expect with the additional capability. Specifically, we're going to make some decisions around tools and skills and sub agents, the things that actually matter for bringing domain expertise and customizability to your agents, where you're handing off the rest of all the primitives and core compute and primitives of essentially managing the basics of agent running to Anthropic. So that brings me to manage agents as the fastest way to build production ready agents on Claude. We've seen people build 10 to 15 times faster to production with Claude manage agents by leveraging our purpose-built harness. Part of the reason why we built Claude manage agents is because is because harnesses should evolve alongside your agents. For example, back when we were building ourselves on top of models like Sonnet 4.5, we noticed that Sonnet 4.5 emitted a particular behavior called context anxiety. This meant that with Sonnet 4.5, Cloud started wrapping up tasks early, even when it still had room to spare in its context window. To manage that, in our harness, we then added some mitigations to combat against this early stopping behavior. But when Opus 4.5 then came out, we actually saw this behavior go away, making all that work we had done inside of the harness, essentially obsolete, because Claude had evolved beyond that behavior that we had built into the harness to manage. So, the takeaway there is that it's a lot of work to maintain harnesses and make sure that they actually evolve alongside your agents, which is why with Claude manage agents, we want to make it really easy for Claude and Anthropic to handle all the complexities that come with cash compaction, caching, things like context anxiety, all these various primitives that come with actually making an agent production ready and getting the most out of Claude. So again, you can focus on the tasks, tools and things that actually matter for building agents on Claude. So three primary resources go into building on Claude manage agents. First is the agent's endpoint, which is the persona and capabilities. This is the core system prompt that powers your agent. Essentially here, you're defining the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent um interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent um interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent um interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent um interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent um interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent um interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent um interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent um interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent um interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent um interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent um interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent um interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent um interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent um interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent um interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent um interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent um interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent um interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent um interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent um interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent um interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent um interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent, where the previous one is the brain of the agent where the agent is thinking through what to execute, and then it's using an environment to actually have a space and a container to actually take action on your behalf. Sessions are next the way to tie together agents and environments. A single session has a spun up on an agent instance within an environment, so you can connect the two together and actually stream events back to your user and start to take action on behalf of your humans as part of a Claude powered agent. A key thing here, though, as I alluded to briefly before, Claude manage agent has the agent loop run server side. This means that a lot of the complexities that come with managing hosting and scaling are abstracted away, and when you close your laptop, or you hit hard refresh on your agent that you're building on Claude manage agents, everything is maintained, and you don't have to worry about durability, reliability, all these various aspects that usually come to bite you when you're trying to turn your agent from a prototype into production. And lastly here, before we dive into the hands-on portion is I want to talk you through a key design decision that went into Claude manage agents. Previously, with a lot of agent harnesses, we saw the agent loop coupled tightly with tool execution. This design pattern made sense and still makes sense for some agents, because you want to give the agent powerful abilities to actually take action within an environment. For instance, with Claude code, we want the agent to be able to access various files on your computer, take action within a file system, and therefore it makes sense for the agent to have access to all those tools spun up on every container. But we also realized there are some constraints for this, especially with some agents where you essentially want to be able to decouple the hands from the brains of the agents. For instance, credential souls and, um credentials and security became a huge concern. With the ability to have the agent access your file system, you can actually add very distinct sandboxing by decoupling these two components, where the agent is no longer able to access the actual credentials without encryption by decoupling the hands from the sandbox of the agent. The other aspect here is actually, you can see huge benefits by doing these decoupling, on things like time to first token and latency. Previously, with the agent loop and tool execution in the same box, you had to spin up containers for every single session that you're spinning up in the agent, which contributed to additional latency from a time to first time to first token perspective. With this now decoupled, our teams actually saw reductions in time to first token, along the lines of a over 90% reduction in TTFT for our P95 metrics on latency. So, here you can start to see the power of this design decision coming through from the perspective of safety, reliability, latency, and everything else that you care about when it comes to building production ready agents. All right, so now it's time for the exciting part of today's session, which is where I want you all to open up your laptops and go to this URL here to actually clone a repository, and let's start to actually feel the magic of everything that I just talked through. So, I'm going to give everyone a second to just go over to that URL there and just spin up the repository that we have ready for you. All right, so here are some additional commands that I want you all to run, to make sure this is all set up on your computers. The first step, many of you might have done already, but just take that repository, hit the URL, get clone it, and then I want you to CD into the specific repository for the session, which is Ship Your First Manage Agent. And then, if you're on Mac, you'll see those two commands on the side, the Python and the source, um there's a command there for Windows as well. And you'll just do the rest there where you want to install the requirements, copy over the environment key into your dot m file. Um, here you'll put in the Anthropic API key that hopefully all of you also received from the QR code for free credits earlier. And lastly, we'll just run the app. All right, let's go ahead and dive in. But as I mentioned before, let me just show everyone where these instructions are. If you go into the repository in the link, and then go to Ship Your First Manage Agent, you scroll down on the read me, you'll see all the setup instructions here. So, feel free to do this um as we go along or even in your own time later today and continue playing around with it. But as I mentioned before, everything will be also shown on the screen to follow along with. So, do not worry if you did not have time to fully get it set up on your laptop. Without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. So, once you run streamlit run app dot py, you should be able to see a URL that looks like this and a page that looks like this. What we're doing here is we're going to be simulating an agent interaction here where we have an incident that's going to come up. A lot of you who might be software engineers in the room will be intimately familiar with the pain that comes alongside incident response. If you are a software engineer, you might be woken up at let's say 3:00 a.m. in the morning, 2:00 in the morning, when you're out around on on vacation as you're on call, and this is usually a very painful portion of a software engineer's life, um because when you're on call, it means that if a server goes down or a service goes down, you have to be immediately the one there to respond and tackle the incident. Usually, for a human, this means diving into metrics and logs and deployments you can actually investigate what's going on. And so what we're going to do is we're going to now have an agent run and Claude manage agents to do all this for us, so that when we get woken up by 3:00 a.m., we can hand it off to an agent, or maybe we don't even get woken up at all if Cloud is able to do everything for us. Okay, so let's now go ahead and dive into the code here. What we're going to open up here is we have the agent dot py file on the left and the agent complete on the right. If you want to challenge yourself, you can of course try to implement everything yourself here, or with Cloud. Um, but what we're going to do just for simplicity's sake is just copy over various elements from the completed file onto the incomplete file one by one. So, you can see how these primitives compose our agent one piece at a time. So, let's go ahead and start off with this very first part, which is the agent. We mentioned before that the agent is the one that defines the persona and the capabilities of the agent here. So, that's the model, the MCP servers, the skills, the various components that your agents can actually leverage when it's able to run in that agent loop. The next is the environments. You can think of this as the hands of the agent